This folder contains the starter code for a C++ project built using [Visual Studio IDE](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/) and works ONLY on Windows. Note that this is different from Visual Studio Code (VS Code).

- This is a program to display a 512x512 image. This has been given as Microsoft Visual C++ .dsp and .dsw project files along with the accompanying code in the .cpp and .h files

The project includes the following important files.
1. Image.h	- header file for MyImage class
2. Image.cpp	- defines operations on an image such as read, write, modify
3. Main.cpp	- entry point of the application, takes care of the GUI, the 
		  image display operations, and the initialization of the RGB image.

The rest files are unnecessary. They would be generated by Visual Studio Automatically. The current setting is tested by `Visual Studio Community 2022` , version `17.0.5`.

Some indicators have been placed in the code to guide you to develop your code. But you
you are free to modify the program in any way to get the desirable output.

- Launch Visual Studio and load the .dsw or .dsp project files, or you can load the .sln directly. 
- If you use the .net compiler, you can still load the project file, just follow the default prompts and it will create a solution `.sln` file for you
- Compile the program to produce a an executable Image.exe
- To run the program you need to provide the program with command line arguments, they can be passed in Visual C++ using Project > Settings or just launch a .exe file from the command prompt

- Usage example

	```
	$ Image.exe ../Lena_512_512.rgb
	```

